[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Notice that we don't
have this nice pretty background on
our route here, but if we go back to this
one, it has a nice background, right?
It would be really nice if we could share
those background between the two without
having to basically have to hard
coded into every single route, right?
It would be nice if we could have some
sort of shared layout between the two.
Now, it's really just an encircling div so
that in our case right now,
it's not very compelling.
I'd rather just hard code the div
than to introduce the complexity.
But you could maybe see where this
could be useful in the future.
If you had a nav that was shared between
all of your different routes and
you wouldn't want to have include that
literally every single time that you
wanted to use it.
It would be nice if it was on
every page so that you could
just make one wrapping route that then
encircles the lower routes, right?
That's the basic idea of
what we're gonna do here.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So let's create a new file
in here called Layout.jsx.
>> Brian Holt: You're gonna
put it into the JS folder.
>> Brian Holt: You're gonna pull in react
>> Brian Holt: And
this is gonna be a really
simple component.
>> Brian Holt: const Layout
= (props) not porps.
>> Brian Holt: Gets me div
className =app-container.
>> Brian Holt: Okay?
Now we have to be able to tell our
component where to stick the inner stuff,
right?
Because we could have a bunch of stuff up
here like, we could have, you can ignore,
this is just an example but like.
My branding right here, like you can
have a bunch of stuff in here, right?
You want to be able to have that
flexibility, so here we're gonna say
props.children and children it's
actually a special kind of prop.
In other words never name a custom
property that you're passing down children
because that's reserved for
this one particular thing.
As far as I know that's the only
reserved one, no, there's context,
don't use context either.
Well, no, you can use context.
It might be a little strange but
don't use it anyway.
There's no problem necessarily with it,
anyway don't use children.
That's where they wanna get at.
So props.children, okay.
You can get rid of that h1 right
there because we don't want it.
Okay, and
then do module.exports = Layout, okay?
Pretty simple, only nine lines of code,
two of which are blank.
>> Brian Holt: So let's go actually
see how one uses children.
Actually, I'll just demonstrate to you,
just kind of off to the side here.
So MyCustomComponent,
>> Brian Holt: This is not a div, right?
But if I put stuff inside of here, right?
>> Brian Holt: Right,
I can now access whatever is between
my test component as children, right?
So whatever you put inside of it,
that's the children, right?
So anything that goes in there is that.
We're are also gonna need prop types in
here, it's gonna yell at us, just FYI.
Might not be yelling at,
in fact I'm not running it.
So let me start running it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Nope, wrong one.
>> Brian Holt: Am I in the wrong one?
That's why, it is running.
Okay, nevermind.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so any questions
about, necessarily what children does?
It's just, it allows you to get
at those past in components.
And here we're gonna say const Element,
I think is what it is.
Let me double check my prop types
here on the, react prop types.
>> Brian Holt: I believe it's element.
Yeah, element is what
we're looking here for.
So, a react element,
that's what we're looking for.
Right, a react element right there.
So, I want to say { element
} = React.PropTypes.
>> Brian Holt: And
then we're gonna say, Layout.PropTypes.
And again make sure this is a capital P,
this is a lowercase P..
I mean it makes sense in terms
of this is an instance of it,
these are the classes, right?
I get that, it's just annoying,
it's whatever.
Unfortunately, you people have to
listen to me complain about react.
Children equals element, right?
>> Speaker 2: Is required.
>> Brian Holt: You can make
it required if you want to.
I mean, could you conceivably ever
have your layout without the children.
Probably not, but that one works for you.
And the other thing is,
if you don't see in each other and
you're gonna know really
quick that it's not working.
So, either way.